This directory contains a large number of input configuration (cfg)
files for the maxwell2d_gif and maxwell2d_nc programs.  The simplest
way to use them is with the create_gif.sh and create_nc.sh scripts,
e.g.

  ./create_gif.sh circle10.cfg

will create an animation of a wave impinging on a circle with a
dielectric constant similar to liquid water interacting with visible
light.  To animate all the cfg files in the directory, type

  ./create_gif.sh *.cfg

and wait.  You can do a similar operations to create NetCDF files
using the create_nc.sh script.

If you wish to modify or create your own cfg files then it should be
straightforward to do so, but you should note that the scripts
concatenate these with the default/domain.cfg, which defines the size
of the domain and the nature of the oscillator that generates the
incoming E-M wave (although these settings may be overridden in the
cfg files within this directory. The default/ directory also contains
the files z.cfg, xy.cfg and xyz.cfg, which define the amplitude of the
electric field components of the oscillator. If you use the z.cfg or
xy.cfg files (using the POL setting in the scripts) then the number of
E- and B-field components that need to be simulated is halved, and the
simulation will run twice as fast.

A later version of this distribution will include a comprehensive list
of all the commands that can be used in cfg files, but for now you
will need to glean this information from the examples shown, and the
src/mw_shape.c file.

If you have access to Matlab with the NetCDF toolbox installed, then
you can use the plot_fields.m script to generate png figures to
display the dielectric constant distribution and the Poynting vector.

